OPEN-SSP by ATG

This is a Open-Source Supply-Side-Plattform for general use.

This plattform is also called a multi-channel-SSP which means that not only RTB is supported, also channels to a adserver and other SSP can be implemented.
The RTB Support is native implemented and must not extra be defined.

This SSP is optimized for working and handle VideoAd-Impressions. Therefore there a objects with those characteristics.
But it can also be used for any other type of impressions such as banner etc.
Feel free to examine the code and adapt the behavior as you want.

Full support of the OpenRTB standard up to version 2.4. If a field or object from the protocol is missing, just add it.

There are some properties configuration files to configure some small, things to the SSP like URL, Credentials etc.
The Runtime Environment is based on a Tomcat.
Those file are:
- global.runtime.xml
- local.runtime.xml

Elementary SSP functionality is the following:
1. A tag with a link to this SSP is placed on a website which contains the (Video-)Adplacement. This link contains a set of parameters (depends on your preferences). 
2. SSP is called from this tag, the parameters are extrahated and validated (depends on your preferences).
3. The SSP resolves the request data, e.g. the webiste or publisher, which is identified by an id (depends on your preferences) and loads the data to enrich from the cache.
(For more information about the cache see section Data Caching.)
4. The SSP starts the ExchangeServer and the ExecutorService to call the demand service like DSP, SSP, Adserver or what ever you want and ...
4a. ... waits for the respond from the partner to start the auction.
5 After the auction is finished, the winner is evaluated and a respond to the client can be prepared. 

Data Caching:
This Open SSP uses some data to handle the incoming requests and building the various bidrequests. Those data e.g. for Websites have to be loaded in asynchronous and continous way.
The data are in common stored and administered in a database or something.
To call a database in realtime is not performantly possible, therefore this SSP loads in a periodically manner the data from a webservice and stores those data in a memory based key-value store, called the cache.
 
-> Validatitor issues ...
-> Logging issues

You can use it, improve it or whatever you want with it.

Comments, proposals, improvements are welcome.
For more informations contact André Schmer, schmer@ad-tech-group.com.
May 2017

